???                                                                         build_cbp/lib_folder_type2
ca_ide/build/nonGUI
cb_msys2/                                                                   build_cfg/msys2_and_cygwin
cb_msys2/PCH_related_changes                    codeblocks_msys2-git        PCH_related_changes
cb_msys2/codeblocks_msys2                       codeblocks_msys2-git        codeblocks_msys2
cb_msys2/codeblocks_release                     codeblocks_msys2-git        codeblocks_release
cb_msys2/codeblocks_wx30                        codeblocks_msys2-git        codeblocks_wx30
custom/bugfix/project_n_workspace
custom/bugfix/sdk
custom/build/master
custom/build/msys2_clang
custom/build/msys2_clang                                                    build/msys2_clang
custom/build/msys2_codeblocks
custom/build/msys2_codeblocks                                               build/msys2_codeblocks
custom/build/msys2_gcc
custom/build/nonGUI                                                         build/nonGUI
custom/build/staging
custom/build/wxMonoLibs
custom/build/wxMultiLibs
custom/build_cbp/cygwin
custom/build_cbp/cygwin                                                     build_cbp/cygwin
custom/cb/master
custom/remove/AutoDetectCompilers
custom/remove/backslash
custom/remove/do_not_edit
custom/remove/do_not_edit                                                   remove/do_not_edit
custom/wrap/windows
custom/wxUSE_guard
custom/wxUSE_guard                                                          wxUSE_guard
origin/bugfix/plugins                                                       bugfix/plugins
origin/bugfix/wxNewId                                                       bugfix/wxNewId
origin/build/bugfix
origin/build/clang                                                          build/clang
origin/build/move_output                                                    build/move_output
origin/build/msys2_gcc                                                      build/msys2_gcc
origin/build/wx_multilibs_gcc471TDM                                         build/wx_multilibs_gcc471TDM
origin/build_cbp/lib_folder_type1                                           build_cbp/lib_folder_type1
origin/build_cbp/wx30x                                                      build_cbp/wx30x
origin/build_cfg/wxMSW                                                      build_cfg/wxMSW
origin/cbstyledtextctrl                                                     cbstyledtextctrl
origin/deceased/removals                                                    deceased/removals
origin/feature/cb_projects                                                  feature/cb_projects
origin/feature/compiler                                                     feature/compiler
origin/feature/sdk                                                          feature/sdk
origin/feature/wizards                                                      feature/wizards
origin/feature/wxwidgets_msys2_wizard                                       feature/wxwidgets_msys2_wizard
origin/portability/fixes                                                    portability/fixes
origin/remove/AutoDetectCompilers                                           remove/AutoDetectCompilers
origin/remove/backslash                                                     remove/backslash
origin/staging                                                              staging
origin/win_cbp_save_as                                                      win_cbp_save_as
