  busyinfo collpane richmsgdlg colourpicker
  calendar dataviewctrl treelist datepick
  choice choicebook filectrl richtooltip
  coldlg finddlg mdi aui  treebook
  docview mdidoc help splash grid
  filepicker dirpicker fontdlg fontpicker
  hyperlink addremovectrl dirdlg filedlg
  infobar notifmsg editablebox
  logdialog progressdlg wizarddlg tipdlg
  notebook listbook choicebook toolbook
  numberdlg textdlg numberdlg
   togglebtn bmpbutton
  printarch commandlinkbutton timepick combobox
  button
wxUSE_ABOUTDLG                        aboutdlg
wxUSE_ACCEL                           accel
wxUSE_ACCESSIBILITY                   accessibility
wxUSE_ACTIVEX                         wxUSE_OLE
wxUSE_ACTIVITYINDICATOR               actindicator
wxUSE_ADDREMOVECTRL                   addremovectr
wxUSE_ALL_THEMES                      wxUNIV_THEMES
wxUSE_ANIMATIONCTRL                   animatectr
wxUSE_ANY                             any
wxUSE_ARCHIVE_STREAMS                 arcstream
wxUSE_ARTPROVIDER_STD                 artstd
wxUSE_ARTPROVIDER_TANGO               arttango
wxUSE_AUI                             aui
wxUSE_AUTOID_MANAGEMENT               autoidman
wxUSE_BITMAPCOMBOBOX                  bmpcombobox
wxUSE_BMPBUTTON
wxUSE_BOOKCTRL
wxUSE_BUTTON
wxUSE_CAIRO
wxUSE_CALENDARCTRL
wxUSE_CARET
wxUSE_CHECKBOX
wxUSE_CHECKLISTBOX
wxUSE_CHOICE
wxUSE_CHOICEBOOK
wxUSE_CHOICEDLG                       choicedlg
wxUSE_CLIPBOARD
wxUSE_COLLPANE
wxUSE_COLOURDLG                       coldlg
wxUSE_COLOURPICKERCTRL                colourpicker
wxUSE_COMBOBOX
wxUSE_COMBOCTRL
wxUSE_COMMANDLINKBUTTON
wxUSE_COMPILER_TLS
wxUSE_CONSOLE_EVENTLOOP
wxUSE_CONTROLS
wxUSE_CRASHREPORT
wxUSE_DATAOBJ
wxUSE_DATAVIEWCTRL
wxUSE_DATEPICKCTRL
wxUSE_DATETIME
wxUSE_DBGHELP
wxUSE_DC_CACHEING
wxUSE_DC_TRANSFORM_MATRIX
wxUSE_DEBUG_NEW_ALWAYS
wxUSE_DIALUP_MANAGER
wxUSE_DIRDLG
wxUSE_DIRPICKERCTRL
wxUSE_DISPLAY
wxUSE_DOC_VIEW_ARCHITECTURE
wxUSE_DRAGIMAGE
wxUSE_DRAG_AND_DROP
wxUSE_DYNAMIC_LOADER
wxUSE_DYNLIB_CLASS
wxUSE_ENH_METAFILE
wxUSE_EXCEPTIONS
wxUSE_FFILE
wxUSE_FILE
wxUSE_FILECTRL
wxUSE_FILEDLG
wxUSE_FILEPICKERCTRL
wxUSE_FILESYSTEM
wxUSE_FILE_HISTORY
wxUSE_FONTDLG
wxUSE_FONTMAP
wxUSE_FONTPICKERCTRL
wxUSE_FSVOLUME
wxUSE_FSWATCHER
wxUSE_FS_ARCHIVE
wxUSE_FS_INET
wxUSE_GAUGE
wxUSE_GEOMETRY
wxUSE_GIF
wxUSE_GLCANVAS
wxUSE_GLOBAL_MEMORY_OPERATORS
wxUSE_GRAPHICS_CONTEXT
wxUSE_GRID
wxUSE_GUI
wxUSE_HEADERCTRL
wxUSE_HELP
wxUSE_HTML
wxUSE_HYPERLINKCTRL
wxUSE_ICO_CUR
wxUSE_IFF
wxUSE_IMAGE
wxUSE_IMAGE.
wxUSE_IMAGLIST
wxUSE_INFOBAR
wxUSE_INICONF
wxUSE_INKEDIT
wxUSE_INTL
wxUSE_IPV6
wxUSE_JOYSTICK
wxUSE_LIBJPEG
wxUSE_LIBMSPACK
wxUSE_LIBPNG
wxUSE_LIBTIFF
wxUSE_LISTBOOK
wxUSE_LISTBOX
wxUSE_LISTCTRL
wxUSE_LOG
wxUSE_LOGGUI
wxUSE_LOGWINDOW
wxUSE_LOG_DIALOG
wxUSE_LONGLONG
wxUSE_LONLONG
wxUSE_MARKUP
wxUSE_MDI
wxUSE_MDI_ARCHITECTURE                mdidoc
wxUSE_MEDIACTRL
wxUSE_MEMORY_TRACING
wxUSE_MENUS
wxUSE_METAFILE
wxUSE_MIMETYPE
wxUSE_MSGDLG
wxUSE_MS_HTML_HELP
wxUSE_NATIVE_STATUSBAR
wxUSE_NOTEBOOK
wxUSE_NOTIFICATION_MESSAGE            notifmsg
wxUSE_NUMBERDLG
wxUSE_ODCOMBOBOX
wxUSE_OLE
wxUSE_OLE_AUTOMATION
wxUSE_ON_FATAL_EXCEPTION
wxUSE_OWNER_DRAWN
wxUSE_PALETTE
wxUSE_PCX
wxUSE_PNM
wxUSE_POPUPWIN
wxUSE_POSTSCRIPT
wxUSE_POSTSCRIPT_ARCHITECTURE_IN_MSW  ps-in-msw
wxUSE_PREFERENCES_EDITOR              prefseditor
wxUSE_PRINTF_POS_PARAMS
wxUSE_PRINTING_ARCHITECTURE
wxUSE_PRIVATE_FONTS
wxUSE_PROGRESSDLG
wxUSE_PROTOCOL
wxUSE_PROTOCOL_FILE
wxUSE_PROTOCOL_FTP
wxUSE_PROTOCOL_HTTP
wxUSE_RADIOBOX
wxUSE_RADIOBTN
wxUSE_REARRANGECTRL
wxUSE_REGEX
wxUSE_RIBBON
wxUSE_RICHMSGDLG
wxUSE_RICHTEXT
wxUSE_RICHTOOLTIP
wxUSE_SASH
wxUSE_SCROLLBAR                       scrollbar
wxUSE_SECRETSTORE
wxUSE_SLIDER
wxUSE_SOCKETS
wxUSE_SOUND
wxUSE_SPINBTN
wxUSE_SPINCTRL
wxUSE_SPLASH
wxUSE_SPLITTER
wxUSE_STACKWALKER
wxUSE_STARTUP_TIPS
wxUSE_STATBMP
wxUSE_STATBOX
wxUSE_STATLINE
wxUSE_STATTEXT
wxUSE_STATUSBAR
wxUSE_STC
wxUSE_STDPATHS
wxUSE_STD_CONTAINERS
wxUSE_STD_CONTAINERS_COMPATIBLY
wxUSE_STD_IOSTREAM
wxUSE_STD_STRING_CONV_IN_WXSTRING
wxUSE_STOPWATCH
wxUSE_STREAMS
wxUSE_SVG
wxUSE_TARSTREAM
wxUSE_TASKBARBUTTON
wxUSE_TASKBARICON
wxUSE_TASKBARICON_BALLOONS
wxUSE_TEXTBUFFER
wxUSE_TEXTCTRL
wxUSE_TEXTDLG
wxUSE_TEXTFILE
wxUSE_THEME_GTK
wxUSE_THEME_METAL
wxUSE_THEME_MONO
wxUSE_THEME_WIN32
wxUSE_THREADS
wxUSE_TIMEPICKCTRL
wxUSE_TIPWINDOW
wxUSE_TOGGLEBTN
wxUSE_TOOLBAR
wxUSE_TOOLBAR_NATIVE
wxUSE_TOOLBOOK
wxUSE_TOOLTIPS
wxUSE_TREEBOOK
wxUSE_TREECTRL
wxUSE_TREELISTCTRL
wxUSE_UIACTIONSIMULATOR
wxUSE_UNICODE
wxUSE_UNSAFE_WXSTRING_CONV
wxUSE_URL
wxUSE_UXTHEME
wxUSE_VALIDATORS
wxUSE_VARIANT
wxUSE_WCHAR_T
wxUSE_WEBVIEW
wxUSE_WEBVIEW_IE
wxUSE_WEBVIEW_WEBKIT
wxUSE_WEBVIEW_WEBKIT2
wxUSE_WINRT
wxUSE_WIZARDDLG
wxUSE_WXHTML_HELP
wxUSE_XLOCALE
wxUSE_XML
wxUSE_XPM
wxUSE_XRC
wxUSE_ZIPSTREAM
wxUSE_ZLIB
